Update README.md (#12423)
DataDog/integrations-core: otel/README.md

For further information on the Datadog exporter settings and how to configure the pipeline, see [Datadog exporter for OpenTelemetry Collector][3].

> See the [Metrics section][5] for a list of metrics that are provided by this check. If you're using the `hostmetrics` receiver as in the sample configuration above. You can send arbitrary metrics with other OpenTelemetry Collector components.

Author: Hi Kari, 
Could you please change
See the [Metrics section][5] for a list of metrics that are provided by this check.
into
See the [Metrics section][5] for metrics types and [Metadata.csv][8] for a list of metrics provided by this check.

> See the [Metrics section][5] for a list of metrics that are provided by this check. If you're using the `hostmetrics` receiver as in the sample configuration above. You can send arbitrary metrics with other OpenTelemetry Collector components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [Metrics section][5] for metrics types and [metadata.csv][8] for a list of metrics provided by this check. If you're using the `hostmetrics` receiver as in the sample configuration above. You can send arbitrary metrics with other OpenTelemetry Collector components.
```

#### OpenTelemetry Collector

> See [OTLP Metrics][5] for a list of metrics provided by this integration.

Author: Hi Kari, 
similarly, could you please help us change line 80 into:

See the [Metrics section][5] for metrics types and [metadata.csv][8] for a list of metrics provided by this integration.

Reviewer: So actually for this one, the sentence needs to remain "See metadata.csv for a list of metrics provided by this integration" because that is a "magic sentence" that our docs build uses to generate into the doc a table of metrics from the CSV file.

> See [OTLP Metrics][5] for a list of metrics provided by this integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [metadata.csv][8] for a list of metrics provided by this integration.
```

[1]: https://opentelemetry.io/docs/collector/getting-started/
[2]: https://app.datadoghq.com/organization-settings/api-keys
[3]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/tracing/setup_overview/open_standards/otel_collector_datadog_exporter/
[4]: https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector/tree/master/receiver/
[5]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/metrics/otlp/
[6]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/help/
[7]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/tracing/setup_overview/open_standards/otlp_ingest_in_the_agent/

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[8]: https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/blob/master/otel/metadata.csv
```
